Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Wait. why are you
scared of earthworms?
Oppa. I can't do it.
Come on. honey. You're a million
times bigger than an earthworm.
Oppa. you do it.
You put it in.
Me? Okay. I'll just put it in.
and you cast a line. okay?
Whoa!
- Wow.
- When do I reel it up?
- When? Let's see.
One. two. three!
- Done.
- Done?
Easy. right?
- Is that it?
- Yeah. Hey. you're good at this.
Whoa...
Now all we have to do is wait.
Oppa. what's wrong with you?
You are crazy.
I am crazy.
What am I supposed to do?
Oppa. come here.
- What was that?
- I think the battery died.
I'll go check it out.
Honey. bring me a beer
on your way back.
Okay. okay...
Ah-yeon.
Ah-yeon!
Ah-yeon. what are you doing?
Snap out of it!
Why are you doing this. Ah-yeon?
Oppa!
What are you doing there?
Why are you in the water?
Oppa... Oppa!
Oppa. don't mess around.
Ah. Oppa!
Don't mess around.
Oppa...
SALMOKJI
Han Su-in...
Yes. Manager.
What?
We've located it.
We're looking at it right now.
Yes.
We're currently trying to
figure out what this is.
I took the photo down.
Yes.
Okay.
What the heck is this?
It looks so strange.
They said it isn't a double exposure.
The local government filed a complaint. so
they're telling us to replace it immediately.
Wouldn't it be enough if
we just took the photo down?
If it were that simple. would they call
all the team leaders on a weekend?
We have the original with GPS records
for the other roads. but not for this one.
So. that means... a photo was uploaded that should
never have been taken in the first place.
Didn't Team Leader Woo Gyo-sik
say he went there and came back?
Yeah.
Team Leader Woo hasn't answered his phone
at all since he went on sick leave.
Has anyone managed to
get in touch with him?
Anyway. we have no idea how this
road has changed in the meantime.
so someone needs to go back there
today and take some new photos.
We have to update it by tonight.
Who's going?
I... will go.
Um. are you sure
you're okay. PD Han?
You didn't even get
a chance to rest.
I'm fine.
After all. it is my team's job.
Still can't get in touch with
Team Leader Gyo-sik?
No.
Why are you worrying so much?
I thought you were on sick leave.
With all this chaos going on.
he's not the type to just disappear.
Hey. wait a minute!
Are you the one going?
To that reservoir?
Yeah.
There are other team leaders too.
Why you?
I haven't been able to get in touch
with him since he went there.
I have to find out
what's going on.
Wait. seriously. what
are you going to do?
You can't even
go near the water.
Really concerned. aren't you?
You're the one who said we
should just act like strangers.
We're closer than strangers.
How can we act like strangers?
Ah. shi...
PD. what were you doing?
Oh. just a moment.
I'll help you with the luggage.
Please give it to me.
I'll put it in.
Hello!
Oh. we asked for someone new from Team 1.
Se-Jeong. you know her. right?
PD Jang said we're going
to see a ghost today.
No. no. no.
When did I ever say that?
You said it just
a moment ago.
Thanks for coming in on
your day off. both of you.
Oh. it's nothing. We're on the same
team. so of course we should come.
I'm actually looking
forward to it.
Hello!
Oh. hello!
I picked up the two road crew
members on my way here.
Ah. yes. I'm Song Gyeong-tae.
I've heard so much about you
from manager Lee Jong-won.
Hey...
My young brother.
PD Song Gyeong-jun.
Hello.
Thank you for coming.
even on such a short notice.
Oh. no. I was just
in a bit of a rush.
I've got to make money. you know.
I'll work hard.
Please hop in.
Let's go!
Excuse me.
By any chance...
Did you see it?
The flesh-eating road camera ghost.
Oh...
Yeah. well. It's all everyone has
been talking about lately. anyway.
It's crazy.
And we're going back there
to shoot it again. aren't we?
Oh. right. I heard two more people
went missing there recently.
We really need to
stay on our toes.
They say water ghosts are
more dangerous than other ghosts
because they make
people weep endlessly.
I'm a better swimmer than
a water ghost. though.
I used to be in the SSU.
Ha! that's different...
They say that place has long been famous
as a spot where you can encounter the dead.
There's even a story that 'Salmokji' comes from
the fact that they cross over into the living world.
From what I know. it was
originally a Gungdokmulji (cemetery).
They say there are so many
ghosts there because
they built a reservoir without
properly burying the bodies.
I was wondering why no one
mentioned this cemetery.
They say it's just a reservoir built
during the Saemaul Movement.
You've been hearing all
sorts of strange stories.
What about you. PD?
Do you believe in ghosts. PD?
I only believe what
I see with my own eyes.
You guys haven't forgotten that we're
being followed by a ghost. have you?
Oh. that was probably just
a reflection or some crazy person.
We're almost there now.
so you can check for yourself.
- It's big!
- Oh. wow...
You have arrived at your destination.
Stopping GPS guidance.
Yeah. it's large.
What the heck happened?
It's a stone tower.
Didn't you see it?
I really didn't see anything behind us.
Oppa. really...
The car seems fine.
- Yeah.
Go on.
You shouldn't touch this.
It took so much effort to build.
Why would you destroy
something that's perfectly fine?
It happened all of a sudden...
As for destroying it...
We're not the
type to do that.
Excuse me. madam. We were
trying to park and accidentally...
You sure know how to
find a spot here...
for someone
who almost drowned.
Huh?
You're looking for
someone. aren't you?
You want us to stack them?
Let's stack them quick.
Are we doing it?
Hurry up. let's stack them..
- Yeah. yeah.
No!
We have to make a wish first.
- Yes. yes. A wish.
- Let's make a wish.
A wish...
- Amen.
- Alright.
Let's finish stacking them.
and get out of here quickly.
PD. what should we do?
Should we stack more?
How high do you plan to stack them?
It looks the same.
This is sketchy. I've a feeling that
this is going to be a nightmare.
Um...
First of all...
Let's unpack the luggage.
Let's take all the photos.
then pack up and go.
Really?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Bro. where should I put this?
Here? Over there?
- Over there.
Okay.
Sorry.
Oh. I'm sorry.
Did it startle you?
I just figured the shoot
would be over soon anyway.
It's bait.
By the way. PD. do you
happen to like fishing?
But isn't one of those missing?
Why can't we just push it?
We can ride it. actually.
What are you guys doing?
Um... I'm going to
use this for filming.
The boat? Why?
Oh. that...
Actually. I was just
about to tell you.
So here's the thing...
Well... I run a horror channel.
Kind of like a horror vibe?
Let me show you.
It's hard to find items
like this these days.
Killing two birds with one stone.
Okay?
Are you going to film today?
I won't get in the way. I came on
the weekend without any extra pay.
Ah. what the hell.
She left without
even answering me.
Ah. whatever.
I'm going to film this.
You guys aren't here
just to hang out. are you?
I won't care what you do once we are
done shooting. so please just focus.
Shall we go?
Is this the road? The one
we have to reshoot?
Yes.
How long is it?
It's probably about 3 km.
I guess we'll be done in
about two hours then.
Bro. I don't see
a GPS signal yet.
Oh. come on.
Why isn't it picking it up?
Ah. once it malfunctions.
it keeps doing this.
GPS doesn't usually work there.
Oh my...
Senior!
Was he supposed
to come today?
No.
I wasted a few hours
on this last time too.
We need to move the controller.
Not here. no.
- What?
- Sir. no!
What about now?
Got it. We have the signal.
Why did you suddenly
jump in the water?
I had to go there to get
a GPS signal earlier.
Still. that's a bit too much.
Give it to me.
- Ah. leave it to me.
You do your thing.
You're the team leader today. aren't you?
- Why couldn't I reach you?
- Were you worried?
Of course! The only person who knows
about our work suddenly disappears.
That's why I came to help.
So. what happened?
What are you so curious about?
Huh?
Let's just finish shooting first.
I'll explain later.
Senior...
- Oh. good job.
- Thank you for your hard work.
Please use it wipe it off.
PD. if that team leader is
helping with the setup.
should we go over there and shoot separately?
Yeah. sure.
Yes! Let's go...
Oppa?
- Yeah.
About the team leader...
It's the first time anyone's seen him
since he went to the hospital. right?
Yeah. why?
Something's off...
Did something happen?
Ah. well. that...
Last year. Team Leader Woo's wife
passed away in a car accident.
Ever since then. he seems...
to be in a pretty bad shape.
Anyway...
Wow. isn't this someone's grave?
Oooh. Kim... Su-jeon?
Moon Se-Jeong!
Ah. you scared me!
What if someone sees us?
- No one's going to see us.
Are you suddenly trying to work
now that I am here?
You work fast. You even
have your fishing rod ready.
Is he going to make a scene again. huh?
My brother just wouldn't sit
back and watch it happen.
Seriously. why the hell is he fussy about
something so trivial? It's really annoying.
Sir. if you press
the record button.
it will automatically start
recording at set intervals.
Please press it before you go in.
I can't stand it anymore.
Hurry up and press it.
Yes. confirmed.
- I'm going in.
- Yes. bro.
Have a good trip.
Yes. just keep going.
Should I just go ahead?
Sir. just a moment.
Please go back.
Go back?
Yes. I need to
check something.
I'm sorry.
Please proceed.
Ugh. what the hell?
This is so annoying...
It's not right...
Sir. is there really no one there?
I told you there's
no one here. damn it.
Madam. come and see for yourself.
Sir. I think you should
get out of there now.
Damn it. why should I get out of here?
Why is she acting like this?
It's so annoying.
What the hell...
Is anyone there?
Hello?
Sir?
Sir. behind you!
What was that? Huh?
What happened?
What is it?
Sir. sir! Sir!
Hold on. what is it?
What's going on now?
Where'd he go?
Bro! Bro!
Bro! Where are you?
- Huh!
- Madam.
Why are you so surprised?
Didn't you see that right now?
There's nothing here.
What are you talking about?
Let's quickly find
my brother. Hell...
Bro!
What the hell?
What was that?
Damn it! What was that
just now. huh?
What was that just now?
Huh? What is it?
What's this?
Are you talking about this?
You crazy bastard.
Put it down.
- Why?
- I said put it down!
What even is this?
Oh my god. a rice bowl.
It scared you?
It's a rice bowl. a rice bowl!
I'm fucking serious. It was
definitely a woman's head.
You just didn't see it clearly.
Do you think him I'm joking?
I swear I saw it.
Okay. okay. You really saw it.
It was really there.
You bastard!
All you do is talk. damn it!
Ugh. it got on me.
Really?
Doesn't this look like
a shaman's ritual?
Huh?
What do you mean?
You know. like what shamans do
when they rescue souls from the water?
Why the hell would they hang something
like this on a tree? Damn it!
Did you actually see it?
Ah! I think you might be right.
But I'm not quite sure...
Wow! Are you saying you saw
a ghost on Road View?
Why are you laughing?
Do you think this is a joke?
What time is it?
I'm sorry.
We'll wrap up for today and
come back down tomorrow to shoot.
We have to finish this by today.
You know a lot of people have
gone missing in that area. right?
That's why the locals there
are so sensitive about it.
They're now saying that our Road View
is just pouring gasoline on the fire.
I told you. every minute counts!
I'm suggesting we just delete
this road entirely for now-
No. they say they don't want any of it.
whether it's pixelation or whatever.
They say if we hide it.
people will start talking.
They're insisting we change
it by today. no matter what.
Then...
Then... please send the
equipment right away.
Oh. okay.
Thanks. PD Han.
Yes.
Sir! What did PD Han say?
That equipment...
He agreed to send it right now.
Oh... but won't the sun set
by the time it gets here?
We'll camp nearby and shoot as soon
as the sun rises tomorrow morning.
Did you talk it over
with Manager Lee?
I'm asking if you explained
the situation here properly.
Yes. I did.
In return. he said he will
pay us double the wage.
No. PD.
I told you I can't shoot this.
Money or no money!
Do we really have to shoot that road
that doesn't even look like a road?
I'll give Manager Lee a call.
Sir...
I heard you're close with the manager.
So?
Help me out just this once. please?
He said he'd cover all
the camera repair costs.
Oh. really...
We have to upload it by 8 AM tomorrow.
so we need to be ready by 6 AM.
The city center is just 30 minutes away.
so head out now and get a good night's rest.
But... shouldn't we
go back there first?
The controller's missing.
I think you dropped it when
you went missing earlier.
Do you remember where?
I don't know. Ah. damn it...
We'll come back and
look for it tomorrow.
Are we leaving it here all night?
Bro. where was it? Tell me.
I'll go get it.
Someone who's been there should come.
Let's go together.
Come on...
Let's go! We'll find it
and be back in no time.
Yeah. let's go.
It's me.
I'm on my way
with the equipment.
Tell me where you're staying.
You're coming here?
Well. the company told me to go.
and I can't say no just because of you.
We're still at Salmokji.
We lost our controller.
so we're looking for it.
Okay. I'll head over
to Salmokji then.
Oh. Senior Gyo-sik is here.
Team Leader Gyo-sik?
He went there?
Yeah. he said he'd help out.
Is everything okay?
I don't know.
It feels a little weird.
Why?
He's changed. He's quieter than usual
and doesn't seem to be in a good mood.
Really? Ask him about it later.
Yeah. be careful on your way here.
Are you sure this is the place?
I am sure I fell in
right about here.
It should be here.
so where did it go?
What are you looking at?
This spot...
Is this the spot where that ghost
was captured on Road View?
Oh. yeah! I think it was
around there. right?
- Where? Over there?
- Yes. over there.
Did you find it?
Not yet.
Senior?
Is it that hard to talk about?
Everyone at the company
was really worried.
I told you I'd tell
you later. didn't I?
Did something happen to you here?
Did you build a stone tower too?
Huh?
They say your wish comes true
if you build a stone tower here.
Oh...
Yes. I did.
What did you wish for?
Well. just...
My wish came true.
What?
Sir!
- Yes?
There's another place around
here that looks similar.
Maybe. you're confusing it
with that place?
Ugh. they all look so similar.
How about the two of us
go check it out?
Are you going now?
Let's go.
Go ahead. I'll keep
an eye on things here.
Um. do you know this place?
Oh. no. no.
Not like that.
You hit the surface like this.
Oh!
You're doing really well.
Oh my. its too loud.
- Look at it go!
(continue playing in background)
Oh!
Wow. it looks like a human head.
Hey!
Ya! ya!
Alright...
Night has finally fallen on Salmokji.
Starting now. we're going to use this
motion detector to try catch a ghost.
I wonder! How many ghosts will
we catch here at Salmokji?
What the... They said there were a lot
of ghosts. but nothing's happening.
Where is everyone?
Say hi. okay?
Se-jeong. you'd know there's no such thing
as ghosts if you think rationally.
- Did you see that?
- Oh. wow!
Here it comes. Watch closely.
That's so weird. Even ordinary
abandoned houses pick up a signal.
Even if there's a signal. this equipment
can't actually capture any ghosts.
Gosh!
Thanks. really.
The ghosts aren't coming
because the PD keeps teasing us.
No. I told you there is
no such thing as ghosts.
Ugh. why isn't this working today?
Hey. Seong-bin!
Your turn. hurry up.
Team Leader Gyo-sik
seems to be taking forever.
Ah. is it going to work or not?
- Se-jeong.
- Yes?
Can you check this memory card?
Sure. of course.
Do you want to check something?
- Hmm.
Oh? Isn't this Team 3's memory card?
Hmm.
Isn't that Team Leader Gyo-sik?
It's Salmokji.
But where is this place?
Team Leader Woo built
a stone tower too?
Considering we were
just stacking...
Hold on.
Hello?
You said Team Leader
Gyo-sik was here earlier. right?
Yeah.
Are you still with him?
No. he went to look
for the controller.
Han Su-in.
Get your head straight
and listen carefully.
What's wrong?
What is this. bro?
You've gotta throw
at least this much.
One. two. three. four.
five. six! Nice!
- Move. move.
- I'm watching closely.
I know you can't beat me.
Are you hearing this too?
Yeah.
Team Leader Gyo-sik...
I heard he passed away
at the hospital last night.
What?
I was-
I was so shocked I checked it
over and over myself. but...
He really is dead.
The hospital?
Why?
You really...
Look. I saw Team Leader Gyo-sik at-
Hello?
H-h-hello...
What was it?
- Se-jeong. are you okay?
- Oh. I fell...
Are you okay?
Yes...
What happened really?
It looks like something flew in
from the direction of the reservoir.
From over there?
Wasn't that just
a light going out?
I'm telling you. something
like a rock flew over.
Nope...
It's a bird. a bird.
- What?
A bird?
How could a rock fly over
at this time of night?
What is it?
How?
Why did this turn on all
by itself all of a sudden?
What is that?
It's a device that keeps
switching radio stations
to pick up what a ghost
wants to say-
It lets you talk to ghosts. okay?
Man. the world sure has gotten better.
So we can talk to
ghosts now? Tsk.
Give it a try.
Let's see what it sounds like.
Should we?
Are you here?
Did everyone hear that?
I just asked if you were here.
So when did you arrive?
Today.
How many of you are here?
Um...
Six people.
Why are you here?
Let me see.
What's that?
This has never happened before.
How am I supposed to talk to this?
Since you're here. just say it.
Oh. is there a ghost here?
Se-jeong. film me.
- Hmm.
Does it look good?
- Yeah. that's good enough.
Okay...
Who are you?
Me?
Yeah. you.
You bastard!
Are you the ghost who drowned here?
Of course.
"Of course". haha.
Were you the one who sent a bird
earlier to scare us. you little shit?
Answer me. you drama queen.
This guy's scared shitless.
Why is everyone like this?
Are you all so scared?
...of you.
...because of you.
He died...
He died because of you.
Here.
Are you okay?
What's wrong with you?
Where did Senior Gyo-sik
say he was going?
I'll give him a call.
Hey. um...
First of all...
Stop what you are doing.
Let's go look for them.
I'm going further in.
Seong-bin. head back with
everyone and look around for it.
Yes. got it.
Ugh. what the hell...
- Don't worry. Let's go.
Why is she so startled?
How far do we have to go. huh?
A bit further.
No. you said it was close.
The sun's already set.
We have to... go further.
What are you doing?
Team Leader?
Team Leader!
Who is it?
Hello?
Oh. fuck...
Oppa!
That ghost box thing
earlier was crazy. right?
It totally gave me the creeps.
Oppa!
- Yeah?
Are you okay?
Oh. yeah. What were you saying?
Oh. right. The ghost box.
But... it's really weird.
That's never happened before.
Exactly. I guess ghosts
are real after all.
Oh. I wish we could pick up
something on this one too.
Let's look for Team Leader Woo first.
Oh... Oppa!
Yeah?
There's someone over there.
Team Leader Woo?
Team Leader Woo!
What? What's he doing over
there all by himself?
I wonder...
What are you doing
over there. sir?
- Oppa.
- Huh?
That stone tower...
Isn't that the one from earlier today?
Why would it be here?
It's probably...
just something similar.
- No...
- No?
It's the same one.
Team Leader Woo?
Do you know where
Mr. Gyeong-tae is?
Team Leader.
Team Leader. are you okay?
Is something wrong?
It's nothing.
It doesn't seem like nothing. though.
Did you see a ghost or something?
Where?
Is there something here?
Team Leader.
Team Leader Woo.
Let's just go back for now.
Se-jeong. what's wrong?
We have to get out of here.
What's going on?
We have to leave now!
Sir...
Sir. what happened?
My brother was
up on a tree...
My brother was up on a tree. damn it!
He was stuck up there!
Recalculating route.
Excuse me.
Is someone here?
Sorry to bother you.
Are you okay. ma'am?
This is my daughter...
When she fell into the Salmokji.
I thought I'd never see her again.
Even though she has
grown up a bit.
it's better to have her here
than in the water.
Why are you here?
Oh... I wanted to
ask for directions.
Is anyone at Salmokji?
How do you know that?
Our team leader was
building a stone tower?
Where?
Let's just get out of here.
You fucking bastard...
Where is it?
Spill it out!
Let's call the police first.
Don't call them.
I'm going to kill that bastard
with my own hands.
We don't even know
who did this yet.
But does it make sense to be building
a stone tower when someone's dead?
We should not look
for him right now.
Why not?
Why can't we
look for him?
He's already...
How can you find someone
who's already dead?
Dead?
He's dead?
Gi-tae called a little while ago.
He said Senior
Gyo-sik is dead.
Are you kidding me?
We were with that guy
all day. weren't we?
We were shooting
the road all day!
So. since that moment...
What?
Are you saying that
guy is a ghost now?
Fine. he's a ghost. But why
would he kill my brother?
We met for the first time. Why
Because he drowned...
What?
A water ghost is territorial. right?
Your brother was the only one among
us... who went into its territory.
Someone's already dead...
My brother's dead! How can
you say something like that?
This bastard...
Don't follow him...
You son of a bitch
right there!
Where'd that bastard go?
You son of a bitch.
where are you?
No. stop!
Don't go there!
This crazy bastard...
You fucking bastard...
Hey. come here...
Get out. bastard...
I said come here.
you fucking bastard!
PD! PD! Stop!
Son of a bitch...
- No. stop!
- You can't go in there.
You fucking bastard.
come out!
Calm down! Calm down.
for God's sake!
Me?
Don't you know the rule?
He's luring you right
toward the swamp!
Then let him lure me!
You son of a bitch!
Fucking hell...
Got you.
you son of a bitch...
Get out of there! Quick!
- Hurry up. come here!
- Get out of there!
- Get out of there right now!
Hurry up!
We have to
get out of here...
Hurry!
What the heck
are you doing?
The stone tower disappeared...
Ugh. come here.
hurry up!
The stone tower disappeared?
Let's go!
Odae Bridge is 100 meters ahead.
What the...
Go straight for next 3 km.
We're back here again.
I'm sure I marked
the way out...
Did we take a wrong turn?
Let's turn around.
You have deviated from
the designated route.
Make a U-turn 50 meters ahead.
Ugh. get a grip!
Just turn it off! The route
is not that confusing.
Make a U-turn 20 meters ahead.
What the hell...
This is where
we just came from.
That's the same fork
in the road. right?
Let's- Let's try
going left this time.
Please...
Han Su-in!
Yun Gi-tae?
What are you doing
right now?
Han Su-in!
Look in front of you!
That was a close call!
Don't you see it. huh?
There's water
right there. Look!
Han Su-in!
Seriously. why aren't
you paying attention?
Hell...
Fucking hell...
My car's stuck.
I can't even move.
So... we can't get
out of here now?
That old lady...
You all met her. right?
You can't get out of there alive.
So then... how did your
daughter get out of there?
If you want something...
You have to build
a stone tower...
and make a wish.
So...
You're saying we should build
a stone tower and make a wish?
To be let out?
I know how that sounds.
but there's no other way.
We should also do the
traditional dance. right?
What else do you
want us to do?
Let's walk out there.
all of us together.
You know which
way to go. right?
We couldn't even get out by car.
so walking won't be any different.
Ugh. let's light this place up!
If we start a forest fire. emergency
services will have to show up...
What did everyone wish for?
Huh?
We made a wish earlier.
I just wished to get rich.
Is that good enough?
I didn't make a wish.
Why not?
What do you mean?
My wish came true.
What did you wish for?
To meet my senior...
I wanted to know
what happened here.
My senior said the same thing.
That his wish had come true.
What do you think it was?
Team Leader Woo's wife?
She passed away last year.
None of the other
wishes came true.
Maybe. it only grants wishes
where you summon the dead.
That old lady said her daughter
couldn't come out while she was alive.
Right... that's why she
built the stone tower.
So... her daughter
must already be...
Dead.
She made us build a stone tower
just so she could see his daughter.
Stacking that goddamn
stone tower was a mistake.
So what now?
So...
Let's knock it down.
I knew it...
Considering we were
just stacking them randomly...
Did Team Leader Woo
build a stone tower too?
Considering we were
just stacking...
And you us to knock it down now?
I heard he died
in the hospital.
Then he came to Salmokji.
Senior was trying to
knock it down too.
Where is that stone tower now?
The one we saw
has disappeared.
Seong-bin. where was the
stone tower Senior Gyo-sik built?
No way.
What?
I mean... what if we
get lured in again?
We're just setting
ourselves up for nothing.
Then stay here. I'll go.
Fuck! Stop it!
Shut up! Fighting each other
isn't going to help us!
I'm sorry...
Do you have anything to drink?
Hmm. it's in my car.
I'll go get it.
You can't be alone.
Let's go together.
Oppa...
Actually... I lied earlier.
I made a wish too...
I wished to see
a ghost just once.
That's why everyone died.
Because I wished to see a ghost.
- It's okay.
Let's get out of here.
You're going?
If you go alone again.
and get lured in...
I still have to do it.
What's the harm in asking me to
come with you just this once?
What?
What about those two...
- We have to abandon them.
That's the only way
we'll survive.
What are you talking about?
Think about it carefully.
Who was the one who led us
here in the first place?
It was Han Su-in.
Now... do you mean
PD Han is a ghost?
Whether she's a ghost or just
possessed. it does't matter.
It's not the Han Su-in we know.
Who stopped us when we were about
to pull out because of the camera?
It was Han Su-in.
But that was the department head...
- How can you believe that?
Did you see her
talking on the phone?
It was Han Su-in who split us up
to look for Team Leader Gyo-sik
She also found the body first.
And look at her now.
She's dragging us deeper
into this with the stone tower.
No. Let's just wait until dawn.
Se-jeong. look at the time now.
It's stuck at 1:30.
It hasn't changed at all.
We have to go.
Then... what about PD Gi-tae?
He'll figure it out.
Let's go. Se-jeong...
It's going to be dangerous.
That's why I said
I'd go with you.
Seong-bin! Se-jeong!
- Where? Where are you going?
- Se-jeong. reset the GPS.
- Huh? Okay.
Recalculating the route.
Never mind. We're on
the right track.
Once we get out. we'll get the police
and head straight to Salmokji.
Then we can save both of them.
Careful now. careful...
Why is this happening?
You can't see ahead
driving like this!
Se-jeong. hang in there.
We're out...
We made it out!
Oppa...
We did it.
We made it out.
Are you okay?
Su-in. wait for me.
Where are you even going?
Just tell me!
What is this?
This guy...
Let's just go back.
Found it.
Su-in...
Anyway. you need to hurry
as much as you can right now.
I want to hurry
as much as I can. but...
But?
Do you happen to have
a jump cable?
A jump... Ah! Yes.
I do. A jump cable.
Wait a second.
We have a situation...
I'll head over as soon as the car
starts. so don't worry too much.
Thank you.
So when did you arrive?
Today.
Hmm... today.
How many of you are here?
Umm... six peop-
So when did you arrive?
How many of you are here?
Six people.
I'm here now.
Oh. the engine almost caught.
What's this?
It's Se-jeong's pad.
There's a memory car in here.
What memory card?
Senior Gyi-sik shot a Road View.
What? The boat here...
This doesn't look right.
Aren't we right here right now?
No way... that's where it is.
PD. help me...
Where are you. Se-jeong?
Why am I back here again?
Please! Stop it...
Where are you. Se-jeong?
Se-jeong?
Se-jeong!
What's over there?
Se-jeong...
It's okay. we're right here.
You can come out now.
Se-jeong...
It's safe. okay?
Come this way.
Se-jeong.
Don't do this.
Save me...
Please stop.
Please stop! Please stop...
This is the only way left.
Let's try it...
Don't look down.
Just look ahead.
Thanks. Thank you for coming...
How...
How did you know
the boat was here?
Gi-tae?
Was it around there?
The place where I died...
Y-Yu...
Yun Gi-tae!
Senior?
Oh. over there.
Five minutes?
No. ten minutes.
Yeah...
I think ten minutes was
actually a bit too long.
I was struggling
so much on my own.
I got a call
that early morning.
My assignment had been
changed to Salmokji.
You were originally in charge
of Salmokji. weren't you?
Are you the one
who changed it?
I'm sorry.
I didn't know it would
turn out like this...
Liar.
You were here before.
weren't you?
You couldn't even get
to start your shoot...
You ran away.
So that's why you
sent me here?
How do you... know that?
Su-in!
Han Su-in!
Where are you?
If only...
If only you had died.
it would've been over.
Correct... It's not
too late even now.
Oh. Let's bring
Gi-tae along too.
Just like you've been
doing all this time...
Let's bring him along.
My senior wouldn't say
something like that.
Don't pretend to
be my senior!
Su-in...
Han Su-in!
Su-in!
Su-in? Su-in!
Su-in...
It's okay.
Su-in. it's okay.
Oh. you're here.
Take a seat.
Are you... okay?
Yes.
Oh...
What's going on?
It's about Team Leader Woo.
They said the body
was found at Salmokji.
Huh?
After he was transferred
to the hospital that day.
we got a call from them.
So. does that mean
Team Leader Woo...
...couldn't make
it out of Salmokji?
It means he didn't
make it out alive.
Anyway. about this...
I thought PD Han should know too.
so I tried calling her. but...
She went on sick leave. and suddenly
she's completely unreachable.
Su-in?
Oh. you scared me.
What?
What were you doing here?
I just got to work and was
about to grab some coffee.
Wait. why are you here already?
Why not rest a little longer?
Being home alone just made me
think about it even more.
Is something wrong?
No.
What the...
Want me to make you one too?
- Oh... yes.
I was wondering...
If Team Leader Gyo-sik was trying
to knock down the stone tower...
Why did he die?
Who knows...
Ah! I don't know...
Let's just forget
about it all now.
To begin with...
we shouldn't have gone there.
Su-in?
Don't forget anything.
Not a single thing.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm